#### New Awards Procedure (Fall 2024)

At the end of the semester, each participant nominates any number
of papers which they believe should receive an award.
Additionally, for each paper nominated, the participant picks *two* papers
they believe should *not receive awards*.

The awards gala, then consists of arguing if the nominated papers
should receive awards, and coming up with funny award names for the winners.

#### Awards:

**Cthulhu's Diary.** This award is for the paper that presents the
reader with machinations uncomprehensible in the human mind, that of
which is likens to Lovecraftian horrors of a different age.  Winner:
*A Graded Modal Dependent Type Theory with a Universe and Erasure,
Formalized*

**The Librarian.** This award is for the paper that, like a librarian,
shows unmatched dedication to their bookkeeping and organization of
resources. Specifically, this is for the paper with the most
comprehensive, well-formatted, and organized paper of the semester.
Winner: *Polymorphic Type Inference for Dynamic Languages*

**Exchange French.** Like a game of chess, the awarded paper's authors
displays a profound sense of skill in how it opens the paper, giving a
grand introduction to the concepts that lie beyond it.  Winner:
*Polymorphic Type Inference for Dynamic Languages*

**The NASA Award.** This award is for the paper that goes above and
beyond the realm of progress in it's own, niche field. Like the
astronauts that traveled to the moon, this paper singlehandedly
propels the research in it's field forward.  Winner: *A Pretty
Expressive Printer*

**Distinguished Spirit Award.** This award is for the member who
showed a profound sense of commitment to the papers we read and the
meetings we held, showing exceptional spirit and vigor when discussing
each paper.  Winner: Peter Hanukaev
